Question 1: Explain what JavaScript is and its role in web development.
Soln : JavaScript is a programming language that is widely used to build web applications.It is a
       client-side scripting language which means it is run by your browser rather than on a server.
       JavaScript is primarily used to add interactivity and dynamic elements to websites. It allows developers to create responsive user interfacesa handle user interactions 
       and update web page content without requiring a full page reload.

Question 2: Explain the key differences between JavaScript and HTML. Provide examples of situations where
you would use each.
Soln :
       JavaScript
       1.JavaScript is a high-level programming language used for adding interactivity and functionality to web pages.
       2. JavaScript allows you to create dynamic elements and behaviors on a webpage. For
       example, you can validate form inputs, create animations, or update content in real-time based on user
       actions.
       3. JavaScript includes variables, data types, and control structures like loops and
       conditionals, enabling you to create complex logic and algorithms.
       4. JavaScript runs in web browsers, making it a client-side technology. It executes on the user's
       device, enabling real-time user interactions.

       HTML
       1. HTML is a markup language used for structuring and presenting content on web pages.
       2. HTML defines the static structure of a webpage, including headings, paragraphs, lists, links,
       and images.
       3. HTML uses tags (e.g., <div>, <p>, <a>) to create elements that structure the content and
       provide semantic meaning.
       4. HTML's primary role is to define the content's structure and semantics, which browsers
       render as a web page.
(EXAMPLE IN SEPERATE HTML FILE : November4.html)

Question 3: List and describe the five primitive data types in JavaScript.
Soln :
       1. Numbers
       The Number data type represents numeric values. It can include integers, floating-point numbers,
       and special values like NaN (Not-a-Number) and Infinity.
       2. String
       The string data type represents sequences of characters enclosed in single (' '), double (" "), or backticks (` `)
       quotes. Strings are used to represent text data.
       3. Boolean
       The boolean data type has only two values, true and false, and is used to represent logical values. Booleans are
       commonly used for conditions and comparisons.
       4. Null
       The null data type represents the intentional absence of any object value or a value that has been explicitly set
       to indicate no value. It is often used to initialize variables before assigning meaningful values.
       5. Undefined
       The undefined data type represents a variable that has been declared but has not been assigned a value. It is
       often the initial value of variables.

Question 4: What is the purpose of declaring variables in JavaScript, and how do you declare them using the
'let' keyword?
Soln:
       The purpose of declaring variables in JavaScript is to reserve a memory location for storing data values that
       can be used throughout a program. Variables act as placeholders for data, making it easier to work with and
       manipulate information in your code.       

    -> let variableName;
       let: This keyword indicates that you are declaring a variable
       variableName: Replace this with the name you want to give to your variable. It should follow JavaScript's
       variabl: naming rul:s, such as starting with a letter, using letters, numbers, or underscores, and being case-
       sensitive.


Question 5: Explain the importance of comments in JavaScript and provide examples of single-line and
multi-line comments.

Soln :
       Comments in JavaScript are essential for cod: r:adability, maintainability, and collaboration among
d:v:lop:rsG Th:y s:rv: s:v:ral important purpos:s8
1. Comm:nts provid: :xplanations and cont:xt about th: cod:'s purpos:, logic, and
functionalityG This mak:s it :asi:r for oth:r d:v:lop:rs (or your futur: s:lf) to und:rstand and work with th:
cod:.
2. Comm:nts can b: us:d to t:mporarily disabl: or "comm:nt out" cod: during d:bugging,
h:lping you isolat: issu:s without d:l:ting cod:.
3. Comm:nts allow d:v:lop:rs to communicat: with :ach oth:r, :xplaining why c:rtain
d:cisions w:r: mad: or d:scribing how sp:cific cod: s:gm:nts work.
4. Comm:nts can b: us:d to divid: cod: into logical s:ctions, making it :asi:r to navigat: and
maintain larg:r cod:bas:s.
5. In som: cas:s, comm:nts may b: r:quir:d to :xplain lic:nsing, copyright
information, or complianc: with r:gulations.


Question 6: Explain the importance of choosing meaningful and descriptive variable names in JavaScript.
Provide an example where using a clear identifier improves code readability.

Soln:
1. Descriptive variable names make your code easier to read and understand. Developers
(including yourself) can quickly grasp the purpose of a variable without needing to analyze the code in detail.
2. Well-named variables reduce the chances of introducing bugs when modifying or
extending code. You're less likely to misunderstand the variable's role and make incorrect changes.
3. Descriptive variable names serve as a form of self-documentation. They convey the intent
and context of the variable, reducing the need for additional comments.
4. When working in teams, clear variable names facilitate communication among developers.
Team members can understand each other's code more easily, leading to more efficient collaboration.
5. Meaningful variable names help prevent errors caused by using the wrong variable or
making incorrect assumptions about variable values.
